README.md, before:

# VoodooHDA-2.9.6-Clover-Big-Sur

## (Support macOS Mojave 10.14 to macOS Big Sur 11)

### Instructions: 
- You need Existing Clover V2.5k. This does not install Clover, it will install only VoodooHDA in ESP/EFI/CLOVER/kexts/Other 
- Install other required components to its proper function.

### This is a Mac OS X Package
- read the Packages instruction
![Capture d’écran, le 2020-11-23 à 09 32 24](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6248794/99974374-d483ec00-2d6e-11eb-8964-dcfdecc6ddd3.png)


### Credit:
- Developer Slice, Zenith432, autumnrain ➠ Source: https://sourceforge.net/projects/voodoohda/
- MountEFI Script 10.13/10.14 Clover Team
- Testeurs: emax31, arcade33, MilesTEG1, PhilouFr, emilio36, fredsame, aminov41, sevan, JMB.
- Packager chris1111


VoodooHDA is an open source audio driver for devices compliant with the Intel High Definition Audio (HDA) specification.
It is intended as an Intel-only replacement for AppleHDA on Mac OS X with support for a wide range of audio controllers and codecs.
### Downloads ➤ [VoodooHDA 2.9.6 Clover.zip](https://github.com/chris1111/VoodooHDA-2.9.6-Clover-Big-Sur/releases/tag/V1)
 
 ###### For OpenCore ➠ https://github.com/chris1111/VoodooHDA-OC

Commit message:

## WARNING
For now the kext not working injected from bootloader on BS 11.3 and later

README.md, after:

# VoodooHDA-2.9.6-Clover-Big-Sur

## (Support macOS Mojave 10.14 to macOS Big Sur 11)

## WARNING ➤ [For now the kext not working injected from bootloader on BS 11.3 and later](https://www.insanelymac.com/forum/topic/314406-voodoohda-297/page/21/)


### Instructions: 
- You need Existing Clover V2.5k. This does not install Clover, it will install only VoodooHDA in ESP/EFI/CLOVER/kexts/Other 
- Install other required components to its proper function.

### This is a Mac OS X Package
- read the Packages instruction
![Capture d’écran, le 2020-11-23 à 09 32 24](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6248794/99974374-d483ec00-2d6e-11eb-8964-dcfdecc6ddd3.png)


### Credit:
- Developer Slice, Zenith432, autumnrain ➠ Source: https://sourceforge.net/projects/voodoohda/
- MountEFI Script 10.13/10.14 Clover Team
- Testeurs: emax31, arcade33, MilesTEG1, PhilouFr, emilio36, fredsame, aminov41, sevan, JMB.
- Packager chris1111


VoodooHDA is an open source audio driver for devices compliant with the Intel High Definition Audio (HDA) specification.
It is intended as an Intel-only replacement for AppleHDA on Mac OS X with support for a wide range of audio controllers and codecs.
### Downloads ➤ [VoodooHDA 2.9.6 Clover.zip](https://github.com/chris1111/VoodooHDA-2.9.6-Clover-Big-Sur/releases/tag/V1)
 
 ###### For OpenCore ➠ https://github.com/chris1111/VoodooHDA-OC
